= Brightness key fix for Lenovo ideapad u350 
== (and possibly a bunch of other laptops)
I've had a bunch of problems getting Ubuntu to recognize my damn brightness 
controls. Specifically, whenever I hit the brightness keys, I end up with this 
in my logs:
  ACPI: Failed to switch the brightness

I found this solution to my problem:
http://bbs.archlinux.org/viewtopic.php?id=73889

But I wanted the brightness keys to work. This is a program that can be linked
with gnome keyboard shortcuts to do just that.


== 0. Check that the setpci solution works for you
If it doesn't, this program won't work.


== 1. Get it running
If you're on Ubuntu 9.10 AMD64 there is a binary (bright). Download that.
If not, you'll need to download bright.c and compile:
  cc bright.c -o bright

To increase brightness:
  sudo ./bright ++
To decrease brightness: 
  sudo ./bright --


== 2. Make it run as root
The setpci calls that the program uses need to be run as root. Your keyboard 
shortcut can't prompt you to enter your password, so we need to use setuid

Change to the directory with the binary
  sudo chown root bright
  sudo chmod u+s,a+x bright

Note that there are a bunch of security holes in this program. Specifically, 
you could easily change the path and write a malicious script named setpci or
lspci and get root access.  I.e. don't use this on a shared computer. If you 
want a more secure version, you could change the calls to use libpci instead. 
It needs more doc before I attempt it though.


== 3. Add the keyboard mappings
In gnome, go System, Preferences, Keyboard Shortcuts
Click add
Name: Brightness up
Command: /path/to/bright ++
Click the command and press your brightness up key on your keyboard
Do the same for down, but swap '++' with '--'

BAM. Your brightness keys should work.


= License
This code is licensed under the ISC license which lets you do pretty much
whatever you want with it. Please see LICENSE for the full text.

Copyright (c) 2009 David Kelso - david at kelso dot id dot au
